knowledge hub docs and update to prior triage docs (#45)
monterey-ai/docs: knowledge-hub/labels.mdx

---
title: "Label Management"
description: "Creating, managing and tuning labels for feedback triage."
---

## Overview

> Project area labels and tag labels are workspace-defined labels that help triage feedback snippets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project areas and tags are workspace-defined labels that help triage feedback snippets.
```

Reviewer: (just... less repetition of the word labels lol)

When auto-triage is enabled for a particular label, Monterey will go ahead and auto assign a project area label when the feedback is ingested or the labels are backfilled, provided our AI models are confident in that prediction.

While project area labels and tag labels work functionally similar in downstream uses (filtering, chat, reports, etc.), they have one key difference that necessitates the separation of the two.

For a particular snippet when auto-triage is enabled:

- 1 or 0 project areas can be auto-assigned

> - Many or 0 tag areas can be auto-assigned

Reviewer: nit: and not blocking, but my mind feels like this is backwards and should be `0 or 1` or `0 to many`

Thus, it is often the case that there are many more tags applied since one snippet may have multiple.
We suggest keeping this distinction in mind when building out labels for each of these.

_Note: If a feedback item is split into multiple snippets, where each snippet has a different project area, you will see the parent feedback with multiple project areas.
Additionally, you can also always manually add more than one project area label._

--

> Auto-triage performance will be influenced by a combination of clear label names, detailed label descriptions, and human-labeled examples that are captured throughout the workspace.

Reviewer: I think this line then begs the question -- how should descriptions be written. Prob a good opportunity to include some content somewhere of like "here's a few examples of descriptions that work well in the system" and even maybe, "here's a few examples that don't help" (e.g. where the description is something like `feedback about {label name}` lol)

Author: true true added a little more color there
